feat(javascript): Document new `startNewTrace` API (#10146)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/distributed-tracing/custom-instrumentation/javascript.mdx

The two services are now connected with your custom distributed tracing implementation.

### Starting a New Trace

> In case the SDK's [default behavior](../#trace-duration) for the trace duration does not fir your use case, you can manually start a new trace that will no longer be connected to the current (distributed) trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the SDK's [default behavior](../#trace-duration) for the trace duration does not fit your needs, you can manually start a new trace that will no longer be connected to the current (distributed) trace.
```

The two services are now connected with your custom distributed tracing implementation.

### Starting a New Trace

Available since SDK version `8.5.0`.

In case the SDK's [default behavior](../#trace-duration) for the trace duration does not fit your needs, you can manually start a new trace that will no longer be connected to the current (distributed) trace.
This means that spans or errors collected by the SDK during this new trace will not be connected to spans or errors collected before or after this new trace.

To start a new trace that remains valid throughout the duration of a callback, use `startNewTrace`:

```javascript {2-6}
myButton.addEventListener("click", async () => {
  Sentry.startNewTrace(() => {
    Sentry.startSpan(
      { op: "ui.interaction.click", name: "fetch click" },
      async () => {
        await fetch("http://example.com");
      }
    );
  });
});
```

> Once the callback ended, the SDK will continue the previous trace (if available).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the callback ends, the SDK will continue the previous trace (if available).
```
